## Mansur-Rig 2.0.0
Released 20 Sep 2022

### Features
<ul>
<li><b>Web-App upgrade, with a new license management system.</b> This new app upgrade will now allow you to get as many seats as you want, as well as assign these seats to any Mansur-Rig user on your team.
<br><b>All Mansur-Rig versions prior to v2.0.0 are now depricated</b>
<br><br><u><i>New License types</u></i>:
  <ul>
    <li><b>Gold</b>- This is the best license for riggers. This license gives you full-edit capabilities and full access to all tools and the entire node-library.</li>
    <li><b>Silver</b>- This is the best license for animators. This license is a Read-Only license, and can be used only to use rigs, but not edit them. This license includes all animation related tools, but not the node library.</li>
    <li><b>Trial</b>- This is a full license (equivalent to Gold), 30-Days Free. Does not require any payment information. One Trial is allowed per user, and only once. This license can not be assigned.</li>
  </ul></li>
<li><b>New modules!</b>
  <ul>
    <li><i><b>LipsB</b></i>- A much stronger and stabler version of the Lips module. </li>
    <li><i><b>chassis</i></b>- A simple module to create a chassis behaviour. This will create a joint with 4 IK controls at chosen positions to calculate the highet and rotation of the chassis joint. This will allow you to control estimate a chassis position and orientation along a given surface very easily.</li>
    <li><i><b>Hydrolic Piston</i></b>- Create a piston behaviour with ease.</li>
    <li><i><b>Sphere Roll</i></b>- First of its kind! Calculate a sphere roll based on global position. This is mainly used to create a B-88 style characters. </li>
    <li><i><b>Curve Attachment</i></b>- Attach a control to any given curve</li>
    <li><i><b>Wheel</i></b>- Create a wheel behaviour with great ease. Wheel rotation based on global position as well as rotation, works in all directions.</li> 
    <li><i><b>Link Chain</i></b>- Create a link chain behaviour. Used for bike chains, tank treads, conveyor belts or any type of closed link chain deformation.</li>
    <li><i><b>Local Clump</i></b>- Create a clump control to any group of controls. This will connect using local channels to your clump slaves so it will not break any hierarchy based behaviour.</li>
  </ul></li>
<li>Lips module is now deprecated and replaced by the LipsB module</li>
<li>Free-Control module- spring layer- added a new ability to spring specific axes only</li>
<li>Multi-row attributes symmetry behaviour improved.</li>
<li>Rig-Info- Added Maya version</li>
<li>PLG - Select PLGs post projection</li>
<li>CurveZipB - Default "Remote-Control-Style" controls position were normalized.</li>
<li>licensing UI- "Always On Top" behaviour removed. Window parenting issues resolved.</li> 
<li>Mansur-Rig will no longer support Maya 2017.</li>
<li>Mansur-Rig now supports Maya 2023.</li>
</ul>

### Bug Fixes
- Attribute hosts were not constructed at chosen positions - Fixed.
- Module duplicate- CG Shapes duplication behaviour fixed and normalized.
- Module symmetry- CG Shapes symmetry behaviour fixed and normalized.
- Foot module - Construction fails when choosing to create a dynamic control layer without the roll layer - Fixed.
- FK Chain module- Scaling with interp-joints on Fixed-Length mode- behaves incorrectly- Fixed.
- Free Control Module - create joint feature is loosing authority over related joint after construction in off mode
- Module symmetry- Spaces symmetry wasn't behaving as expected - Fixed.
- Partial construction isn't skipping unfound spaces - Fixed.
- curveZipB module - uShift ins't connected correctly post construction - Fixed
- Lips, curveZip - vertex to edges conversions, on a mesh-related input attribute are failing on related meshes with namespaces - Fixed.
- Module Symmetry - FK Chain - post construction orientation for symmetrized module is inconsistent - Fixed
- Lips module control mirroring issues were fixed on the new LipsB module
- PLGs - most actions were not undoable - Fixed. All actions wrapped into proper undo chunks.
- curveZipB module- bind curves creation direction normalized
- Module preset tool - Custom preset paths were not working - Fixed.

### mnsMayaPlugins v 2.0
- mnsAutoWheelDrive Node released
- mnsSphereRoll node released
- mnsPointOnCurve - Object-Orient Up mode
- mnsPointsOnCurve - Curve Aim Mode
- mnsPointsOnCurve - objectOrientAim rotate mode

### Transition Log
- Please use the centralized "Update Rig" utility button in Block's utility tab to update rigs built with previous versions of Mansur-Rig. 
